---
title: Cloud
slug: /api/cloud
description: ""
searchable: true
---

[Core](docs/core) produces EDI-like JSON that represents the structure of the original EDI transaction. Typically, these payloads must be transformed before they can be ingested by internal systems and business tools.

You can use [Cloud](/docs/cloud) to transform JSON payloads into the shape you need. You can also use Cloud to run custom code in response to events generated by Core.

The following Cloud products are accessible by both API and SDK, as well as using the dashboard:

- **Mappings:** [Stedi Mappings](/docs/api/mappings) lets you transform the EDI-like JSON transactions from Core into an internal JSON format that your system expects, or transform data from your internal JSON format into the JSON format required to generate EDI.
- **Functions**: [Stedi Functions](/docs/cloud/functions) allow you to run custom code on Stedi. Once configured, [Event bindings](/docs/cloud/functions/event-bindings) trigger functions automatically in response to Core events. The [Functions HTTP API](/docs/functions/invoking#http-invoke-function-api) allow you to call functions directly. To [create and deploy functions](/docs/cloud/functions/creating-and-deploying), you must use the [Functions SDK](/docs/sdk) or the [Stedi CLI](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@stedi/cli).
- **Stash:** [Stedi Stash](/docs/api/stash) is a key-value store. You can use Stash to store and retrieve data for a wide variety of use cases.

The following Cloud products are accessible by SDK and dashboard only, and don't have support for direct API access:

- **Buckets:** [Stedi Buckets](/docs/cloud/buckets) provides scalable file storage for the arbitrary data you need to support your integrations.
